Trip-hop is a mysterious genre, and its representatives usually have a certain mystery. And Morcheeba has been enticing fans for years with its mystique, unexpectedly warm, like a summer evening, music, and the undoubted charisma of frontwoman Sky Edwards. Morcheeba - out of trends, out of change, out of time. With their new album Blackest Blue, the band proves once again that it is able to reinvent its genre and remain unique - 'we are always trying to find a sound that should already exist, but does not yet exist,' confirms the concept of the band's co-founder Ross Godfrey.
In March 2020, Skye and Ross completed another long tour - they could travel the world for years, each time to a different country - and suddenly their calendar was empty. After parking the tour bus, they began to write their tenth album Blackest Blue. Already in December, ten songs about family and romantic relationships and their breakup, about love and kinship were ready.
If on the Morcheeba tour there is a band of five musicians, in the Morcheeba studio it is only Skye and Ross, who plays guitar, slide guitar and bass guitar, keyboards and percussion. However, in quarantine, Skye learned to play the cello, and Ross persuaded her to play for the album - so Skye's play can be heard on the Falling Skies track.
After all, "Blackest Blue is an album about going through the hardest and how to get out of it changed but undamaged," the band said. Skye and Ross allowed themselves to relax and play, following only their own emotions. "I wrote a poem about my impressions of freediving in Thailand," says Skye of the single Sounds of Blue.
"We wanted to sound like a song lost in 1969, like a gloomy Morricone-style soundtrack ... But Skye's voice sounds like sweet molasses, so we wanted to contrast it with a rough male voice," Ross continues. Seduced by the live performance of the traditional American folk band The Barr Brothers, Ross turned to their vocalist Brad Barr and exchanged with him a few ideas for a joint track - so came the piano ballad Say It's Over. After the first two lines, Brad said, "I think it's safe to say it's a parting song."
It's not all stories of new Morcheeba songs, but it's not time to reveal all the cards. We will hear these and other new tracks at the presentation of Blackest Blue on September 12 in Kyiv.


LARGE STANDAP on the terrace in Kyiv! Don`t miss 2021-09-22 в 20:00 on the PMHUB, Kyiv.
Standup is a bold and candid humor about us and what's going on around us. At the concert, each spectator becomes part of a stand-up comedy. Comedians sincerely share their thoughts and emotions that will not leave anyone indifferent!
Familiar life situations, curiosities, problems and theories of their ridiculous solution. All this and much more on the evening of a real stand-up comedy!
September 22, speakers:
IVAN ZHORNOKLEY is a resident of Kyiv with the ambitions of a visitor. A young family man in his thirties. Founder and host of the Ukrainian Stand-Up Agency.
ANDRIY BEREZHKO - winner of "Comedian Laughs" on "1 + 1", resident of "Goodnight_club" on "1 + 1", participant of "Comedy Battle" on "TNT".
SLAVA BU is a participant in the TV project "Comedian Laughs".
DENYS KORABLYOV is the most straightforward and honest stand-up comedian in Ukraine. Participant of "Comedy Club UA", show "Comedian for a Million" on TV channel "ICTV", project "Standup" on "UFO TV" and "Goodnight_club" on "1 + 1".
SVYATOSLAV MARCHENKO is a lone vegetarian. Collects rented apartments and cities. Participant of "Crazy Show" on "New Channel"
The duration of the program is 90 minutes. The show is presented in Ukrainian and Russian. Recommended for people over 18 years old.
"Ukrainian Stand-Up Agency" - a serious approach to funny events!


KINO Group in Kyiv! The original line-up will perform at the Kyiv Sports Palace on September 24, 2021.
WHY SHOULD YOU GO TO A KINO GROUP CONCERT?
The most accurate sound reproduction of the original line-up.
A unique show with archival footage and rare unreleased material.
One of the creators and producers of the project is Alexander Tsoi, the son of Viktor.
LATER 30 YEARS THE Kino GROUP ON THE STAGE AGAIN
Fans of the legendary rock artist believe: Tsoi is alive, at least in the hearts of a generation. But no one believed that 30 years after the collapse of the collective, fans would have a chance to get to a live concert. But it happened! The KINO group will give a two-hour concert in Kiev in the spring of 2021.
The date and place of the concert of the group is already known, the revival of which everyone dreamed of, but no one believed, on September 24, the Sports Palace. The line-up, which will perform this spring in the Ukrainian capital, is well known to the audience: two original bassists of the group of different years - Alexander Titov and Igor Tikhomirov and the permanent guitarist - Yuri Kasparyan.
And Viktor Tsoi himself will sing the lines familiar to everyone in the hall! The program is based on the voice of the leader of KINO, digitized from the original multichannel recordings. One of the creators and producers of the show is Alexander Tsoi, the son of Viktor.
GREAT SHOW OF Kino GROUP IN Kyiv
The main concept of the project: to show what the concerts of a cult rock band can be like in 30 years. Kasparyan, together with Tikhomirov and Titov, perform songs of the late and early period exactly as they sounded live several decades ago. Some of the songs will be performed by all participants together. Most of the material will be played as close to the original as possible, but it will not do without improvisation and new readings. All who come are waiting for high-quality sound and amazing stage production.
The maximum effect of presence will be supported by a specially created video sequence - an almost full-length film created by Firecat Films, which consists of graphics, animation, new and archive footage. Viktor Tsoi's drawings, the abstract Suprematism of the KINO covers, newsreels, small documentaries, animated band members - these are just a few of the visual special effects that await the audience. Videos, lights and music will be synchronized into a complete multimedia show.
    It took several years to prepare the event, but it was worth it! Rare audio fragments, unreleased musical sketches - all this will be included in the program. In addition to the voice from the master tapes, the concert will feature live keyboard parts, which are not so well heard on the albums.
The performance will unite all fans of the collective's creativity: both those fans who were lucky enough to attend KINO concerts and hear the legendary ballads live, and those who could no longer even dream of such a chance.


DEDICATION OF ALL STUDENTS OF KYIV - LARGE-SCALE STUDFEST 2021 in Kyiv! Don`t miss 2021-09-10 в 16:00 on the ЛЬОДОВИЙ СТАДІОН - FESTIVAL SPACE, Kyiv.
Buy DEDICATION OF ALL STUDENTS OF KYIV - LARGE-SCALE STUDFEST 2021 tickets at Concert.ua online or with delivery.
For 10 years in a row - no matter how many parties dedicated to the DEDICATION of STUDENTS - the main center of the holiday at Rave'era GROUP. And we are once again ready to prove it to you - STUDFEST 2021 at the ICE STADIUM is THE LARGEST DEDICATION OF UKRAINE!
Dear freshmen of KIMO, KNU, KPI, NAU, KNTEU, KNEU, KNUBA, NUBIP, NUHT, KNLU, NMU, NaUKMA, KUTEP, MNTU, DUT, NAVS, NUFVSU, VUT, Hrynchenko we congratulate you for admission to the university. Very soon you will become real students.
This year we have chosen the historical place of the Ice STADIUM as the center of the holiday. There will be 2 huge platforms on it + the street (where there will be attractions, food courts and other entertainments).
There are 2 scenes waiting for you:
- MAIN Stage
- TECHNO & POP Stage
Previously with this layout we managed to achieve an unexpected result - the change of combinations affected the vibe and the mood of the night. See you on the dance floor!
STUD FEST is a return to the marathon of night events of the capital!
A student is not a level of education, it is a lifestyle, it is a rhythm of life. This is an ever-changing world.
In our STUDFEST we unite students of Kyiv with an active life position, who strive to win and are ready to dedicate themselves completely to self-realization.
We don't care about your style, hobbies, we don't care who you are! Be yourself ! Be original!
Take a risk, do what you like, and never change your dreams. #RaveEra #STUDFEST - WE ARE ORIGINAL!
Yes, and we have already prepared a very warm meeting especially for you.


Rock Ballads in the Garden: Queen in Kyiv! Don`t miss 2021-08-22 в 20:00 on the Grishko Central Botanical Garden, Kyiv.
Buy Rock Ballads in the Garden: Queen tickets at Concert.ua online or with delivery.
The rosary of the botanical garden will feature the music of the legendary Queen performed by the best independent orchestra "Virtuosos of Kyiv".
If you've been to concerts of the Kyiv Virtuosos Orchestra, you guessed it would be cool!
You will hear your favorite songs of the cult British quartet, to which you react so incredibly at our Rock Ballad concerts, and we decided to please you with a full program.
It will be a unique concert when the best classical musicians play the music of the best rock musicians.
In addition to an incredible concert, you can enjoy a glass of wine (not included in the ticket price) and a wonderful evening in the garden.


Jazz on the roof of TSUM: Frank Sinatra in Kiev! We are waiting for you 2021-09-08 at 20:00 at the Roof site of the Central Department Store, Kiev.
You can buy tickets for Jazz on the roof of TSUM: Frank Sinatra at Concert.ua online
On the most beautiful rooftop of the city, the stars of Ukrainian jazz - Rodion Ivanov, Dmitry Bobin Alexandrov and other musicians, vocalist - Alec Schneideris will perform for you. The program is dedicated to the work of the legendary musician Frank Sinatra.
An evening full of tenderness and favorite tunes is an ideal excuse to spend time with loved ones and give yourself a piece of romance in the middle of everyday life.
And it doesn't matter if you are in love with summer, music or the same person. You are in love, which means this concert is for you.


The Black Square project, which is just wildly popular. Such sold-outs, which we collect with performances dedicated to this, other theaters only dream in the most frank and impossible dreams. So, the time has come. Talk openly about it.
You don't have to pretend it doesn't apply to you, and in general, you don't understand what it's about. Yes, we are talking about sex. We have an open conversation. Through notions of It. We give you the strongest and fastest cure for depression and bad mood. This is a super-mega-extra comedy!
Notions of what detours, sometimes just unthinkable ways a couple of people (although not always just a couple) comes or does not come to sex and what bizarre ways they then try to get away from the consequences.
How does it happen that a man and a woman find themselves in the same bed? What to do and what not to say? And what happens by itself? What's next? Is something changing inside us after all this?
Stories about how I wanted to, but it didn't work out, or it worked out, but it didn't work out! What and how exactly - we will tell you in great detail. Candid topics, sincere conversations. Coquetry and flirtation, sadness and laughter, love and hate. Minimum vulgarity, zero pornography, maximum openness. All this is twisted, scrolled and comes out with such funny and unusual stories that even ...
Sex in this project is not so much a popular topic as a way to understand your relationship with the world. And, more importantly, with yourself. We sincerely try to help each of our viewers to understand themselves, their problems, fears, phobias, desires, excitements, and even physiology.
But still, I would like to remind you that "Before and After Sex" is, above all, a play for adults. Hard and frank jokes are not intended for people who prefer banality in sex. The comedy is very bright and juicy - because of us, because of sex and love. And this is very rarely sad or boring. But the viewer with a subtle feeling will also catch his catharsis. Staging for adults - not by passport, but by state of mind. Also unwanted viewers with hypocritical views of the world, and especially without a sense of humor. And fans of black humor will get a double buzz! Do not bring children categorically!
Well, finally. Everyone has their own path to joy. But if theater helps to get rid of lies, teaches trust and gives faith in love - let the ideas about It live!
And don't be confused by the name. Sharp and erotic themes are provided.
This is a super-mega-extra comedy!


Heart of a dog in Kiev! We are waiting for you 2021-09-19 at 19:00 on the site of the ICCI PU (October Palace), Kiev.
A performance for real aesthetes of theatrical art and fans of the work of the genius director Valery Zolotukhin.
The action of M. Bulgakov's brilliant phantasmagoria takes place in the 1920s in Soviet Russia, in the midst of the construction of socialism. The famous Moscow professor Philip Philipovich Preobrazhensky decides on an experiment to transplant the seminal glands and pituitary gland of the deceased homeless, drunkard and bully Klim Chugunkin to the cute dog Sharik found on the street. Humanization took place, but the experiment, alas, failed.
Instead of a kind dog, an ugly, stupid and aggressive Polygraph Poligrafovich Sharikov appears, who inherited only bad features from his "donor". But this did not prevent him from perfectly adapting to socialist reality and even becoming the head of the sub-department for cleaning Moscow from stray animals. Sharikov turns the life of Professor Preobrazhensky and the inhabitants of his apartment into a real hell.
Encouraged by the chairman of the house committee, Shvonder, he writes denunciations of his "creator", demands to provide him with living space and even threatens with a revolver. The professor has no choice but to recognize the experiment as a failure and return Sharikov to its original state.


Sand show fairy tale Pinocchio in Kyiv! Don`t miss 2021-09-19 в 14:00 on the House of Cinema, Kyiv.
Why go to the Pinocchio Sand Show?
1. Fabulous and magical action.
2. Introduction to a new genre of art.
3. Opportunity to have fun and useful time with family.
The Golden Lion Sand Animation Theater will reopen its doors to the world of living art for children and adults. The adventures of a wooden boy will come to life on the big screen.
For children - it's a great alternative to gadgets, immersion in the magical world of fairy-tale images, artistic words and music, for adults - even warm childhood memories!
Well! You are ready?
The curtain opens, the imagination begins!
The fairy tale will be drawn for you in real time, artists of the sand animation theater "Golden Lion" - Svetlana Danilchenko and Olga Kryzhanovska
Serhiy Ulashev, a charismatic actor and author of his own humorous programs, plays the role of a storyteller.
Recommended for children from 4 years and adults.


THE INTERNATIONAL ABSURD THEATER SPARROWS LOUD MEDIUM quietly presents:
Long improvisation Sparrow is a comedic action that is created right on the stage. It all starts with the viewer's word, and then ... no one, no one at all, knows where and what it will lead to. This is not just a comedy, it is a different comedy. because our goal is one - more laughter! MORE LAUGHTER!
Specifics: six actors of the International Theater of the Absurd Sparrows + guest actor + guest musical (each time the guests are different and are never announced - this is a kind of kinder surprise for the viewer).
We are waiting for you, our feathered friend and feathered friend!
